---
title: 'The start'
date: 2024-07-12
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-4/
tags:
  - yoga
  - love
  - experience
---

The start.
======
I still remember the cold weather and the unbearable loneliness in Oslo that winter. Yet, now, I am so grateful for that period of time. As that was the first time in my life that I have to (to some extend for survival) sit down with myself and to look at who I am, without external confirmation. And how lucky I to have ever found Ashtanga yoga just next to the door.
During these years, there have been plenty of travels, workshops, gurus, teachers, stories, personal exchange and all that magical moments when we chanted and danced, together.
I thought for uncountable times, what is that all about and what is all for? Maybe all the thoughts and logic could not ever wrap every details up, there is one voice inside saying: 
It is about to heal, is about to grow, is about to be yourself and is about to discover the ultimate loving force inside of oneself. 
Science is powerful to explain experimental observations. Yet, there are so many things that we can not measure with the instruments that we have to this date, nonetheless, we can not deny, the existence of the magic of us, the humanity.
And the first step to the journey, to the nourishment of this life, is to understand, that everyone has a place inside needed to be healed and to be loved.
The kindness and the generosity is what one can do for each other.
And we are being guided, safely protected. 
Love, 
J
❤️
